[13.0][ADD] l10n_th_withholding_tax_cert_multi (#195)
OCA/l10n-thailand: l10n_th_withholding_tax_cert_multi/README.rst

   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fl10n--thailand-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/tree/13.0/l10n_th_withholding_tax_cert_multi
    :alt: OCA/l10n-thailand
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/l10n-thailand-13-0/l10n-thailand-13-0-l10n_th_withholding_tax_cert_multi
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/238/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> This module allow user to create Multi Withholding Tax Certificate from any payment
> or journal entry document that contain accounting entry on withholding tax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module extend capability to create multiple Withholding Tax Certificates at the same time,
from any eligible payments or journal entries.
```

Author: Edited.

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

From supplier payment that has already withheld tax,

> * Click action Create Multi Withholding Tax Cert., this bring user to new Withholding Tax Certificates

Reviewer: `Create Multi Withholding Tax Cert` -> `Create Withholding Tax Certs`

Author: Edited.

> * Fill in required information for Withholding Tax Certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fill in required information on each Withholding Tax Certificate
```

Author: Edited.

> * User can also print out Withholding Tax Cert. as PDF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* User can also print out multiple Withholding Tax Certs in a single PDF
```

Author: Edited.
